# Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver

The Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver is a video downloader that dynamically generates URLs for each segment of a video residing on a remote server and saves them to a file. It is designed to handle videos that are split into multiple segments, such as HLS (HTTP Live Streaming) videos.

**Installation**

To install the Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver, simply clone the repository and install the required dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shashoto-nur/FSCArchiver.git
cd FSCArchiver
```

**Usage**

To download a video, simply run the following command from the command line:

```bash
python download.py <URL>
```

Replace `<URL>` with the URL of the video you want to download. The video will be saved to a file with the same name as the last segment of the URL. For example, if you download the video from the URL `https://example.com/video.m3u8`, the video will be saved to the file `video.mp4`.

**How it Works**

The Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver works by generating URLs for each segment of the video and downloading them one at a time. The URLs are generated by modifying the URL path for the changing segment, which is typically the seventh segment in the URL. The downloader then saves the downloaded segments to a file.

**Precautions**

* The Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver works as if the name of the file resides within the sixth segment of the url, the changing portion of the url is the first occurence of a digit in the seventh segment. If any of this is different for the site, the code needs to be adjusted accordingly to work.
* The Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver is designed to handle videos that are split into multiple segments. It may not be able to download videos that are not split into segments.
* The Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver is not designed to handle videos that are protected by DRM (Digital Rights Management).

**License**

The Flexible Segment Coupling Archiver is licensed under the MIT License.
